['therapy with a severe acute respiratory syndrome–associated coronavirus–neutralizing human monoclonal antibody reduces disease severity and viral burden in golden syrian hamsters.', 'production of an anti-severe acute respiratory syndrome (sars) coronavirus human monoclonal antibody fab fragment by using a combinatorial immunoglobulin gene library derived from patients who recovered from sars.', 'mouse antibodies with activity against the sars-cov-2 d614g and b.1.351 variants.', 'deep mining of early antibody response in covid-19 patients yields potent neutralisers and reveals high level of convergence.', 'cross-reactivity of antibody against sars-coronavirus nucleocapsid protein with il-11.', 'chicken single-chain variable fragments against the sars-cov spike protein.', 'isolation and identification of an scfv antibody against nucleocapsid protein of sars-cov.', 'characterization of protease activity of nsp3 from sars-cov-2 and its in vitro inhibition by nanobodies.', 'bi-paratopic and multivalent human vh domains neutralize sars-cov-2 by targeting distinct epitopes within the ace2 binding interface of spike.', 'enhanced sars-cov-2 neutralization by dimeric iga.']

pubmed		production of an anti-severe acute respiratory syndrome (sars) coronavirus human monoclonal antibody fab fragment by using a combinatorial immunoglobulin gene library derived from patients who recovered from sars
pubmed		isolation and identification of an scfv antibody against nucleocapsid protein of sars-cov
pubmed		cross-reactivity of antibody against sars-coronavirus nucleocapsid protein with il-11.
pubmed		enhanced sars-cov-2 neutralization by dimeric iga.
biorxiv	characterization of protease activity of nsp3 from sars-cov-2 and its in vitro inhibition by nanobodies.
pubmed		therapy with a severe acute respiratory syndrome–associated coronavirus–neutralizing human monoclonal antibody reduces disease severity and viral burden in golden syrian hamsters. 
pubmed		Chicken single-chain variable fragments against the SARS-CoV spike protein


{"title": "Characterization of protease activity of Nsp3 from SARS-CoV-2 and its in vitro inhibition by nanobodies", "doi": "10.1101/2020.12.09.417741", "authors": "Armstrong, L.; Lange, S. M.; de Cesare, V.; Matthews, S. P.; Nirujogi, R. S.; Cole, I.; Hope, A.; Cunningham, F.; Toth, R.; Mukherjee, R.; Bojkova, D.; Gruber, F.; Gray, D.; Wyatt, P. G.; Cinatl, J.; Dikic, I.; Davies, P.; Kulathu, Y.", "abstract": "Of the 16 non-structural proteins (Nsps) encoded by SARS CoV-2, Nsp3 is the largest and plays important roles in the viral life cycle. Being a large, multidomain, transmembrane protein, Nsp3 has been the most challenging Nsp to characterize. Encoded within Nsp3 is the papain-like protease PLpro domain that cleaves not only the viral protein but also polyubiquitin and the ubiquitin-like modifier ISG15 from host cells. We here compare the interactors of PLpro and Nsp3 and find a largely overlapping interactome. Intriguingly, we find that near full length Nsp3 is a more active protease compared to the minimal catalytic domain of PLpro. Using a MALDI-TOF based assay, we screen 1971 approved clinical compounds and identify five compounds that inhibit PLpro with IC50s in the low micromolar range but showed cross reactivity with other human deubiquitinases and had no significant antiviral activity in cellular SARS-CoV-2 infection assays. We therefore looked for alternative methods to block PLpro activity and engineered competitive nanobodies that bind to PLpro at the substrate binding site with nanomolar affinity thus inhibiting the enzyme. Our work highlights the importance of studying Nsp3 and provides tools and valuable insights to investigate Nsp3 biology during the viral infection cycle.", "date": "2020-12-09", "journal": ""}


A combinatorial human immunoglobulin gene library was constructed from the peripheral lymphocytes of two patients who recovered from severe acute respiratory syndrome (SARS). The library was screened for the production of Fab antibody fragments to a recombinant spike protein of SARS-associated coronavirus (SARS-CoV). One Fab clone, AS3-3, reacted with the spike protein in an enzyme-linked immunosorbent assay. The dissociation constant of AS3-3 was 1.98 x 10(-8) M. Immunofluorescent microscopy revealed that it reacted with SARS-CoV-infected cells. The library seems to be a potent tool for the production of human antibodies to SARS-CoV. 
To develop reagents for early diagnosis and therapeutic drugs against SARS-associated coronavirus (SARS-CoV), a large (3 × 109) immunized human antibody library was constructed from peripheral blood mononuclear cells from six SARS convalescent patients. A single chain variable fragment antibody (N18) with high affinity against N protein of SARS-CoV was isolated. Sequence analysis revealed that the VL gene was composed of VL3 h (V lambda subgroup) and JL2 regions and the VH gene was composed of VH1-69 (VH1 subgroup), D2-15, D3-22 and JH6 regions. Soluble N18 antibody was expressed in Escherichia coli HB2151, purified by Ni–NTA affinity chromatography and verified by SDS-PAGE and Western blot. The potential application for early diagnosis was evaluated using N protein capture ELISA in which N18 antibody demonstrated high sensitive activity in detecting N protein of SARS-CoV. Finally, the potential usefulness of the N18 antibody in prophylaxis, vaccine design and therapy of SARS is discussed.
Infection of SARS-associated coronavirus (SARS-CoV) induced a strong anti-nucleocapsid (anti-N) antibody response. However, the pathophysiological significance of the anti-N antibodies in SARS pathogenesis is largely unknown. To profile the anti-N antibodies, a phage-displayed scFv library was prepared from mice immunized with heat-inactivated SARS-CoV-infected Vero E6 cell lysate. Specific anti-N scFvs were isolated by panning against a recombinant nucleocapsid protein and reactivity was confirmed with phage-ELISA. Sequence analysis indicated that two of the isolated anti-N scFv clones were identical and displayed a high homology with an scFv specific for interleukin 11 (IL-11), an anti-inflammatory cytokine derived from bone marrow stroma cells. In a neutralization assay, IL-11-induced STAT 3 phosphorylation in rat intestinal epithelial IEC-18 cells was completely suppressed by the anti-N scFv clone L9N01.
Severe acute respiratory syndrome coronavirus 2 (SARS-CoV-2), the virus that causes coronavirus disease 2019 (COVID-19), primarily infects cells at mucosal surfaces. Serum neutralizing antibody responses are variable and generally low in individuals that suffer mild forms of COVID-19. Although potent immunoglobulin G (IgG) antibodies can neutralize the virus, less is known about secretory antibodies such as IgA that might affect the initial viral spread and transmissibility from the mucosa. Here, we characterize the IgA response to SARS-CoV-2 in a cohort of 149 convalescent individuals after diagnosis with COVID-19. IgA responses in plasma generally correlated with IgG responses. Furthermore, clones of IgM-, IgG-, and IgA-producing B cells were derived from common progenitor cells. Plasma IgA monomers specific to SARS-CoV-2 proteins were demonstrated to be twofold less potent than IgG equivalents. However, IgA dimers, the primary form of antibody in the nasopharynx, were, on average, 15 times more potent than IgA monomers against the same target. Thus, dimeric IgA responses may be particularly valuable for protection against SARS-CoV-2 and for vaccine efficacy.
Immunotherapy with monoclonal antibodies (MAbs) offers safe interventions for the prevention of infection in patients after organ transplantation and for the treatment of cancers and autoimmune diseases. MAb 201 is a severe acute respiratory syndrome-associated coronavirus (SARS-CoV)-specific MAb that prevents establishment of viral replication in vitro and prevents viral replication in vivo when administered prophylactically. The efficacy of MAb 201 in the treatment of SARS was evaluated in golden Syrian hamsters, an animal model that supports SARS-CoV replication to high levels and displays severe pathological changes associated with infection, including pneumonitis and pulmonary consolidation. Golden Syrian hamsters that were intranasally inoculated with SARS-CoV were treated with various doses of MAb 201 or an irrelevant MAb 24 h after inoculation. Two to 7 days after infection, the hamsters were killed, and their lungs were collected for evaluation of viral titers and pathological findings. Postexposure treatment with MAb 201 can alleviate the viral burden and associated pathological findings in a golden Syrian hamster model of SARS-CoV infection. After a hamster is treated with MAb 201, its viral burden is reduced by 102.4-103.9 50% tissue-culture infectious doses per gram of tissue, and the severity of associated pathological findings, including interstitial pneumonitis and consolidation, is also remarkably reduced.The demonstration of successful postexposure MAb 201 therapy in an animal model that demonstrates viral replication and associated pulmonary pathological findings suggests that MAb 201 may be useful in the arsenal of tools to combat SARS.
The major concern for severe acute respiratory syndrome (SARS), caused by the SARS-associated coronavirus (SARS-CoV), is the lack of diagnostic and therapeutic agents. Using a phage display technology in a chicken system, high-affinity monoclonal antibody fragments against the SARS-CoV spike protein were characterized. Ten truncated spike protein gene fragments were expressed in Escherichia coli cells. Following the immunization of chickens with these recombinant spike proteins, two single-chain variable fragment (scFv) antibody libraries were established with short or long linkers to contain 5x10(7) and 9x10(6) transformants, respectively. After four rounds of panning selection, the scFv antibodies of randomly chosen clones were demonstrated by Coomassie blue staining, and verified by western blot analysis. In a comparison of nucleotide sequences with the chicken germline gene, we found that all clones varied in the complementarity-determining regions, that two scFv antibodies reacted significantly with SARS-CoV-infected Vero cells, and that those two specific scFv antibodies recognized the same region of the spike protein spanning amino acid residues 750-1000. In conclusion, the results suggest that the chicken scFv phage display system can be a potential model for mass production of high-affinity antibodies against the SARS-CoV spike protein. 

